Add "Sort by Server Channel" to mixer view (#1060)
jamulussoftware/jamulussoftware.github.io: wiki/en/Tips-Tricks-More.md

*Note*: Jamulus does not provide feedback on the on/off state of buttons, meaning that your controller must keep track and toggle LEDs (if any) to 'on' or 'off' itself.

> Fader strips in the mixer window are controlled in numerical order. Continuing with the above example, in strip numbered 0, the volume fader would be controlled by CC number 0; pan by 16; solo by 32 and mute by 48. As we have specified 8 consecutive controllers for each parameter, this would give us MIDI control over 8 strips (volume, pan, solo and mute in each one) in the mixer window. The next strip would be controlled by 1, 17, 33 and 49, and so forth.

Author: Maybe `ascending numerical` rather than just `numerical` - otherwise there's the possibility of confusion.

Make sure you connect your MIDI device's output port to the Jamulus MIDI in port (QjackCtl (Linux/Windows), MIDI Studio (macOS) or whatever you use for managing connections). In Linux you may need to install and launch a2jmidid so your device shows up in the MIDI tab in Qjackctl.

> *Tip*: When you enable MIDI control in Jamulus, each user's name is prepended with a number, with the first user starting at 0, then 1, etc. With default settings, when some users leave and others join, their left-right arrangement in the GUI may cease to follow a numerical order, making it more difficult to know who each physical fader/knob on your MIDI controller corresponds to. To keep the fader strips following a numerical order, go to "View" on the top menu bar and switch to "Sort by Server Channel" (or type `Ctrl+R`).  You will probably also want to switch _off_ "Own Fader First" if it is on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Tip*: When you enable MIDI control in Jamulus, each user's name is prepended with a number, with the first user starting at 0, then 1, etc. With default settings, when some users leave and others join, their left-right arrangement in the GUI may cease to follow a numerical order, making it more difficult to know who each physical fader/knob on your MIDI controller corresponds to. To keep the fader strips following a numerical order, open the "View" top menu item, and choose "Sort by Server Channel" (or type `Ctrl+R`).  You will probably also want to switch _off_ "Own Fader First" if it is on.
```

> *Tip*: When you enable MIDI control in Jamulus, each user's name is prepended with a number, with the first user starting at 0, then 1, etc. With default settings, when some users leave and others join, their left-right arrangement in the GUI may cease to follow a numerical order, making it more difficult to know who each physical fader/knob on your MIDI controller corresponds to. To keep the fader strips following a numerical order, go to "View" on the top menu bar and switch to "Sort by Jamulus Channel" (or type `Ctrl+R`).  You will probably also want to switch _off_ "Own Fader First" if it is on.

Reviewer 2: Why do you talk about sort by Jamulus channel? I don't think you named it this way.

Author: Thanks!  "Server Channel"...

Author: Done.
